README.md, before:

# php7-nginx

php7-nginx is php-fpm and nginx of docker

## spec

| os | language | web server | fast cgi |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| centos7 | php7 | nginx(mainline) | php-fpm |

## environment variable

- `NGINX_ROOT`
    - set the location where there is index.php.
    - default:`/var/www`
- `NGINX_UID`
- `NGINX_GID`
    - id to be set to the container inside of nginx user/group (for permission).
    - default:`docker exec name-php7-nginx id -u/-g nginx`

## docker command

### build

```bash
$ docker build --force-rm --no-cache -t img/php7-nginx .
```

### run

```bash
$ docker run -d -p 8080:80 -v $(pwd)/php:/var/www --name name-php7-nginx img/php7-nginx
```

please be run by changing `$(pwd)/php` to your php web app directory.

after access to `localhost:8080`(linux) or `$(docker-machine ip default):8080`(os x).

## how to use in framework

### [lumen](https://lumen.laravel.com/)

``` bash
$ docker run -d -p 8080:80 -v /path/to/lumen_app:/var/www -e NGINX_ROOT=/var/www/public --name lumen_app img/php7-nginx
```

### [laravel](https://laravel.com/)

laravel need write permission.

``` bash
$ docker run -d -p 8080:80 -v /path/to/laravel_app:/var/www -e NGINX_ROOT=/var/www/public -e NGINX_UID=$(id -u) -e NGINX_GID=$(id -g) --name laravel_app img/php7-nginx
```

## licence

MIT

Commit message:

add get docker-machine id

README.md, after:

# php7-nginx

php7-nginx is php-fpm and nginx of docker

## spec

| os | language | web server | fast cgi |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| centos7 | php7 | nginx(mainline) | php-fpm |

## environment variable

- `NGINX_ROOT`
    - set the location where there is index.php.
    - default:`/var/www`
- `NGINX_UID`
- `NGINX_GID`
    - id to be set to the container inside of nginx user/group (for permission).
    - default:`docker exec name-php7-nginx id -u/-g nginx`

## docker command

### build

```bash
$ docker build --force-rm --no-cache -t img/php7-nginx .
```

### run

```bash
$ docker run -d -p 8080:80 -v $(pwd)/php:/var/www --name name-php7-nginx img/php7-nginx
```

please be run by changing `$(pwd)/php` to your php web app directory.

after access to `localhost:8080`(linux) or `$(docker-machine ip default):8080`(os x).

## how to use in framework

### [lumen](https://lumen.laravel.com/)

``` bash
$ docker run -d -p 8080:80 -v /path/to/lumen_app:/var/www -e NGINX_ROOT=/var/www/public --name lumen_app img/php7-nginx
```

### [laravel](https://laravel.com/)

laravel need write permission.

``` bash
$ docker run -d -p 8080:80 -v /path/to/laravel_app:/var/www -e NGINX_ROOT=/var/www/public -e NGINX_UID=$(id -u) -e NGINX_GID=$(id -g) --name laravel_app img/php7-nginx
```

please to replace the `$(id -u)` and `$(id -g)` to `$(docker-machine ssh default id -u)` and `$(docker-machine ssh default id -g)` when you are using the docker-machine.

## licence

MIT
